but without a doubt my dear
rigoberto el salvador is favorite in
this start on the first day this
qualifier
so is favorite in this favorite game
to be one of the candidates to
take this ticket to the cup of
world with very important players very
highlights on all the shirt number
Augustin an extraordinary player
T-shirt in a few days of elections
together let's see which squad is
stay with them
all ready
here the referee silva rod the ball
exploits passion in the world through
of the box vol 2 signal with the taste of
always the selection of the savior
facing jamaica in the tie
concacaf mundialista two tickets
for is here next so much
is showing a lot the ball in this
sand and good here again El Salvador
happy
good
they are select rules
shirt number 7 towers in palms
correctly the ball already wins the
savior mister herbert 1 for 0 in
individual quality has towers
practices to be protagonist in the party
here the corner shot is followed by
long here comes the team we already recover
the spherical the select one let's see if
tries to accompany him and Berto
it is time and they are the shot
and
except
by Augustine the Tin Wish with powerful
shot beat the goalie keeper shit
the select 2 goals by 0 the same as
we said a little while ago from
Torres a Ruiz gave him the space
He started from half court he cut towards
inside the scoreboard was simply
caring for there is third in the
which don simpson comes shot
bingo
let mark
there you are simpson and his power
putting all the power to the ball
the goalkeeper is thrown to his side
left the ball enters the center
and this bursts two by one in the party
that's right by the center cheating the
keeper herbert and I remember a lot
Swiss player the tank of course
the tank
and it's very popular
I
from harvard
vision of ruiz and is signing you in
this moment he is giving me the
score three for one and the savior
keep putting sand in between
this game
had like that is that talent has it
to play beach soccer here
Hispanic
and I go
we saved
now yes he 's signing it from
all the left leg
and with this we are already four by one
making the forecasts work
selection of the savior
That's when the selection was proposed
del salvador went to the front with a better
soccer a better technique a better
conclusion they arrive quickly to the area
of the cancer keeper heart and here frank simple
and simply left leg
launches the powerful shot to beat him
so the savior four comes
goals for one and at best or frank's
returns to save the selection of jamaica
it is already an overwhelming domain on the part of
the select care who shot the
goal returned by I asked for the goal of
Jamaica
and found practically on the
goal
the goalkeeper came in front of the ball
at half turn and 4 times 2 starts at
cut distances the Jamaican picture
this is a very interesting game
arrivals of both teams already undertakes the
way to win the race
and it has a lot of power from that leg
right here comes the attempt the auction
goal
forget teruel
the power of the shot is impressive
already wins the selection of el salvador 5
goals for 2
there is a perfect shot by
de ruiz never seeks the complicity of the
sand in some of a tradition the
hits them directly the truth is that the
unstoppable power for the goalkeeper
jamaica back on the part of simpson it
loses the opportunity shot golazo
from the living room
i
the city that fired by fran
can not do anything the goalkeeper car already
wins the select six goals by three
and the truth is that they are a selection of
the savior with a lot but a lot of level
what is showing in this sandbox
here comes let's see the shot and the
goal
the seventh arrived
I do not know
of the select ones
pray of the shot to get his
second so much of the day mister ulises that
see there is walter alexander towers that
It is also already present in the
score in the first period
and when two defenders also arrived
and placed the ball between the club and the
markers
the savior already has seven and so
with this power of goals and is
starting this qualifier